INTRO

The world is in peril!

Everyone might die!

And the biggest problem... the Wizards' guild is pissed off!

The Evil Genius, Vancer “Cancer” Mancer has stolen a powerful tome. He thinks the spell inside will bring the world under his control. Well, that might be the case, but what he doesn't know is spell is really an invocation of the Ancient One, who rests deep beneath the 3rd Dimension's Reality Crust, in the roiling core of Unobtainium that causes our perception of what we call “time.” 

Four Wizards from the Guild have taken it upon themselves to stop him. How dare he steal from the Magical Library? How dare he control the world before we've had a chance? How dare he cast the ultimate Conjuration spell without inviting us over to tea!?

Whatever their motivation, each Wizard is determined to reach the top of Vancer's Evil Tower before their colleagues. Freeze, drag, crush, or repel your fellows, and collect the powerful Elder Signs that herald the Ancient One. Perhaps if you work together, you could even halt the spell! Save the world? Well, do your best.


END BAD

The reign of man is over. The Ancient One has risen from his eternal nap, and claimed all souls that didn't have the good sense to find a less chaotic planet to materialise on. The wizards have failed, and Vancer is now the prime vassal in this new world order.

Perhaps the Wizards had more luck in an alternate timeline....

END NOT SO GOOD

As the Wizards pass through the final portal and find themselves in Vancer's Laboratory, they are just in time to witness the end of the spell.

“Hand that book back, you sack of crap!” shouted Gandalf. 

“You're too late, Wizards! I have achieved final victory!”

As he speaks this last, the Evil Genius's eyes erupt in blinding black light. His figure distorts, growing in size until it fills the room, and yet occupying the same space. He opens his mouth and speaks. The sound is deafening and the words are unfamiliar, but the meaning is transferred directly into their brains nonetheless.

“You are not necessary,” it tells them.

Tentacles, impossibly black and yet somehow green, reach into the Wizards' souls and makes them part of his own. Their physical forms seem to vanish – but who will know? The world is over. 

They lost the game.

END GOOD

As Vancer speaks the final words of the spell, the Wizards appear through the last portal.

“Damn! I knew I should have closed that portal...” he says. “No matter! The spell is complete!”

“Um, I think, actually, we can stop you...” Mysterio says, with polite certainty.

The four Wizards raise their staves with varying enthusiasm; from them erupt tens of Elder Signs, which fly into a perfect polygon around Vancer's Magic Cicle. Vancer looks around, panicked.

“What the hell are these? Where did you get this power?!” 

A column of white light forms in the Circle, engulfing Vancer and all his equipment. After a few blinding minutes of semi-robotic screaming, and a couple of indignant yawns from Rinsewind, the light fades, revealing a clean room – no Vancer, no Magic Circle, no elder signs. Even the portal out of the room vanished. The four Wizards looked around at each other.

Harry winces and says, “Please tell me someone brought a Scroll of Teleport.”

THE END
